
Your symptoms are Stopped Growth ( :-->  
Possible diseases are 'Growth Disorder, Turner Syndrome',
Analgesics are 'Thyroid hormone pills, growth hormone injections', 
Treatment scans are 'Bone Age Xray, MRI scan', 
Follow this diet 'Meat, Seafood, Leafygreens, Diary, Spinach, Beef'
 ------->  .

Your symptoms are Wheezing, Coughing and troubled breathing,chest pain --> Predicted disease is Asthma;
Analgesics are Metered dose inhalers, nebulizers;
Treatment scans are Asthma therapy; 
Follow this diet Fruits and vegetables
  ------->  .

Your symptoms are baby too small, weight<5.5 pounds--> Predicted disease is 'Learning disabilities', 
Analgesics are 'iron supplements', 
Treatment scans are 'Temperature Control Incubator', 
Follow this diet 'iron supplements'
 -------> .

Your symptoms are Repetetive behaviour,prefers to be alone--> Predicted disease is 'Autism\r\n',
Analgesics are 'Ketamine, Midazolem', 
Treatment scans are 'Teach social skills and cognitive behaviour',
 Follow this diet 'Only yelow or white foods such as rice, potatoes or pasta and strictly avoid diary'
  ------->.

Your symptoms are Self-destructiveness,sadness and being upset-->
Predicted disease is 'Depression', 
Analgesics are 'Prozac, Zoloft or Celexa',
Treatment scans are 'Constantly praise him, teach skills, and give self-development talks',
 Follow this diet 'Fish and whole grains'.

Your symptoms are Paleness, loss of energy, weightloss and easy bruising--Predicted disease is 'Cancer or Brain Tumor',
Analgesics are 'Morphine or Ibuprofen', 
Treatment scans are 'Chemotherapy or Stem cell transplant',
 Follow this diet 'Cheese, Meat, Seafood, Diary and Eggs'.

Your symptoms are Fever,fever up to 102f, Tiredness or Loss of Appetitse-->
Predicted disease is'Chickenpox', 
Analgesics are 'Acetaminophen', 
Treatment scans are 'lukewarm bath and apply calamine lotion to itchy areas', 
Follow this diet 'Raw fruits, Vegetables, Meat, Pastured eggs and avoid salty foods'.

Your symptoms are easy tiredness and overweight-->
Predicted disease is'Obesity', 
Analgesics are 'Not suggested to take analgesics for obesity', 
Treatment scans are 'building heathy eating ang drinking habits and physical activities like exercise', 
Follow this diet 'Fruits and vegetables, and avoid skipping breakfast'
 -------> .

Your symptoms are Severe tooth ache-->
Predicted disease is'Cavities\r\n',
Analgesics are  'Ibuprofen or Aspirin',
Treatment scans are 'Fluoride toothpaste', 
Follow this diet 'juices and avoid sweets, chocolates and unhealthy snacks'.

Your symptoms are Often urinating, slow healing of bruises, weightloss-->
Predicted disease is 'Diabetes', 
Analgesics are 'Tylenol or Aspirin', 
Treatment scans are 'Insulin Treatment', 
Follow this diet 'Brown rice or cereals with two eggs daily'
-------> .

Your symptoms are High body temperature, severe headache and tiredness -->
Predicted disease is 'Fever', 
Analgesics are 'Paracetemol or Panadol', 
Treatment scans are 'Tylenol, Ibuprofen to treat stomach irritation',
Follow this diet 'fluid intake like gatorage, fruitjuices or milk'
( Ap ki alaamat hain : sar dard, thakawat, bukhar  -->
Tashkhees : 'Bukhaar', 
Ilaaj: 'Paracetemol or Panadol', 
 'Tylenol, Ibuprofen Meday k jalan k liye',
Khoraak : 'fluid Istemal kijiye, fruitjuices or dhoodh piyen'
) 
-------> .

Your symptoms are Depression, Eating Disorders-->
Predicted disease is  'Drug or Smoke or Alcohol Addiction',
Analgesics are  'Baclofen, Gebapentin', 
Treatment scans are 'Visiting Rehabilitation Centers, Help teens choose good friends and learn to say NO', 
Follow this diet 'Green leafy vegetables'.

Your symptoms are Swelling, irritation, breast or nipple pain-->
Predicted disease is 'Breast Cancer', 
Analgesics are 'Tamoxifen',
Treatment scans are 'heart-smart diet and indulge in physical activity and avoid smoking', 
Follow this diet 'whole grains, beans, legumes'.

Your symptoms are Sudden Confusion, Dizziness, Loss of Banlance-->
Predicted disease is  'Stroke',
Analgesics are  'Anti-platelet drugs like Plavix', 
Treatment scans are 'Clot-bursting therapy', 
Follow this diet 'Fruits and Vegetables, and avoid salt'.

Your symptoms are Shortness of breath, or being inactive--> 
Predicted disease is 'COPD', 
Analgesics are 'Tudorza or Brovana', 
Treatment scans are 'Inhalers and oral steroids',
Follow this diet 'Eggs, Cheese, Meat, fish, and Poultry'
-------> .

Your symptoms are Forgetfulness or Confusion-->
Predicted disease is 'Alzheimer\'s disease', 
Analgesics are 'Aricept or Exelon', 
Treatment scans are 'MRI and CT scans',
Follow this diet 'berries, beans and whole grains'.

Your symptoms are Chest pain, confusion, cough or fatigue-->
Predicted disease is 'Pneumonia or Influenza', 
Analgesics are 'Levofloxacin', 
Treatment scans are 'Plenty of fluids and get lot of rest', 
Follow this diet 'Citrus fruits, Oily fish and Leafy greens'
-------> .

Your symptoms are Often urinating, slow healing of bruises, weightloss-->
Predicted disease is  'Diabetes', 
Analgesics are 'Tylenol or Aspirin', 
Treatment scans are 'Insulin Treatment', 
Follow this diet 'Brown rice or cereals with two eggs daily'.

Your symptoms are reduced urine, swelling of legs or fatigue-->
Predicted disease is 'Kidney Disease', 
Analgesics are 'Naproxen or Ibuprofen', 
Treatment scans are 'Dialysis', 
Follow this diet 'Berries, bell peppers, onions and apples'.

Your symptoms are Fever, chills, rapid breathing and heart rate-->
Predicted disease is  'Blood poisoning', 
Analgesics are 'Ceftriaxone or Azithromycin', 
Treatment scans are 'Vasoconstriction to narrow blood vessels',
 Follow this diet 'Leafy greens like spinach'.

Your symptoms are Fragile bones--> 
Predicted disease is 'Brittle bone disease', 
Analgesics are 'Biphosphonates, calcium and vitamin D supplements',
Treatment scans are  'VitaminD supplements and avoid smoking and alcohol',
Follow this diet 'fruits and foods high on calcium'.

Your symptoms are Skin wrinkles and aging-->
Predicted disease is 'No disease', 
Analgesics are 'Anti-aging creams',
Treatment scans are  'Blepharoplasty surgery to get rid of aging',
Follow this diet 'Berries, Broccoli, Papaya, Spinach, Nuts and Avocado'.

Your symptoms are Blurry and loss of vision-->
Predicted disease is  'Mascular Degeneration',
Analgesics are  'Lucentis or Macugen',
Treatment scans are  'Regular exercise and avoid smoking', 
Follow this diet 'Fish and vegetables'.

Your symptoms are Blood pressure reading 140 or higher-->
Predicted disease is 'High blood pressure', 
Analgesics are 'Thiazide diuretics', 
Treatment scans are 'Physical activity like exercise and avoid smoking and srinking', 
Follow this diet 'low-fat diary, whole grains and Fruits'.

Your symptoms are Trouble sleeping or sleep, mood swings, vaginal dryness-->
Predicted disease is 'Menopause',
Analgesics are 'Isoflav capsules',
Treatment scans are  'Estrogen levels test', 
Follow this diet 'Fish, Fruits, Vegetables and Diary'.

Your symptoms are Cold, Allergies, Nasal problems-->
Predicted disease is  'Sinusitis', 
Analgesics are 'Acetaminophen or Nasal spray',
Treatment scans are  'Antibiotics like Aspirin and Nasal sprays', 
Follow this diet 'Salmon, Avocados, Cherries and Beans'
-------> .

Your symptoms are Pain while urine and ejaculation-->
Predicted disease is 'Prostate Cancer',
Analgesics are  'Bicalutamide or Casodex', 
Treatment scans are 'Radiation therapy or prostatectomy',
Follow this diet 'Veggies and fruits and low in meat'.

Your symptoms are Trembling body parts and loss of balance-->
Predicted disease is 'Parkinson\'s disease',
Analgesics are  'Vesoret capsules',
Treatment scans are  'Cardibopa-levodopa', 
Follow this diet 'Fruits and vegetables'.

Your symptoms are Buildup of fluids in legs, ankles and legs, tiredness-->
Predicted disease is 'Heart failure',
Analgesics are 'Carvedilol or Metoprolol',
Treatment scans are  'ACE inhibitors',
Follow this diet 'Plain rice, fish, egg, milk and yoghurt'.

Your symptoms are difficulty breathing, shortness of breath, chest pain or pressureloss of speech or movement-->
Predicted disease is Corona Virus ------->
It is a major disease so please consult your doctor.

